Chapter 8 (#11)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum: content/interfaces-and-polymorphism/_index.md

---
title: "Interfaces and Polymorphism"
date: 2023-02-01T13:10:40-06:00
draft: false
weight: 8
originalAuthor: Sally Steuterman # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: gildedgardenia # to be set by page creator
reviewer: # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
---

## Learning Objectives

> Upon completing this lesson, you should be able to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing this chapter, you should be able to do the following:
```
